README.md, before:

HTTP Auth Interceptor Module
============================
for AngularJS
-------------

This is the implementation of the concept described in 
[Authentication in AngularJS (or similar) based application](http://www.espeo.pl/2012/02/26/authentication-in-angularjs-application). 

Launch demo [here](http://witoldsz.github.com/angular-http-auth/)
or switch to [gh-pages](https://github.com/witoldsz/angular-http-auth/tree/gh-pages) 
branch for source code of the demo.

Manual
------

This module installs $http interceptor and provides the 'authService'.

The $http interceptor does the following:
the configuration object (this is the requested URL, payload and parameters) 
of every HTTP 401 response is buffered and everytime it happens, the 
'event:auth-loginRequired' message is broadcasted from $rootScope.

The 'authService' has only one method: #loginConfirmed().
You are responsible to invoke this method after user logged in.
It will retry all the requests previously failed due to HTTP 401 response.

###Typical use case:

* somewhere the: **$http(...).then(function(response) { do-something-with-response })** is invoked,
* the response of that requests is a HTTP 401,
* 'http-auth-interceptor' captures the initial request and broadcasts 'event:auth-loginRequired',
* your application intercepts this to e.g. show a login dialog (or whatever else),
* once your application figures out the authentication is OK, you are to call: **authService.loginConfirmed()**,
* your initial failed request will now be retried and finally, the **do-something-with-response** will fire.

Commit message:

cherry-pick: Added some comments to the manual to explain the addition of the data argument to the loginConfirmed method
Conflicts:
	src/angular-http-auth.js

README.md, after:

HTTP Auth Interceptor Module
============================
for AngularJS
-------------

This is the implementation of the concept described in 
[Authentication in AngularJS (or similar) based application](http://www.espeo.pl/2012/02/26/authentication-in-angularjs-application). 

Launch demo [here](http://witoldsz.github.com/angular-http-auth/)
or switch to [gh-pages](https://github.com/witoldsz/angular-http-auth/tree/gh-pages) 
branch for source code of the demo.

Manual
------

This module installs $http interceptor and provides the 'authService'.

The $http interceptor does the following:
the configuration object (this is the requested URL, payload and parameters) 
of every HTTP 401 response is buffered and everytime it happens, the 
'event:auth-loginRequired' message is broadcasted from $rootScope.

The 'authService' has only one method: #loginConfirmed().
You are responsible to invoke this method after user logged in. You may optionally pass in 
a data argument to the loginConfirmed method which will be passed on to the loginConfirmed
$broadcast. This may be useful, for example if you need to pass through details of the user 
that was logged in. The 'authService' will then retry all the requests previously failed due 
to HTTP 401 response.

###Typical use case:

* somewhere the: **$http(...).then(function(response) { do-something-with-response })** is invoked,
* the response of that requests is a HTTP 401,
* 'http-auth-interceptor' captures the initial request and broadcasts 'event:auth-loginRequired',
* your application intercepts this to e.g. show a login dialog (or whatever else),
* once your application figures out the authentication is OK, you are to call: **authService.loginConfirmed()**,
* your initial failed request will now be retried and finally, the **do-something-with-response** will fire.
